c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\FMS.Web.dll.config
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\FMS.Web.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\FMS.Web.pdb
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\obj\Debug\FMS.Web.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\obj\Debug\FMS.Web.pdb
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\FMS.Data.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\FMS.Service.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\FMS.Data.pdb
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\FMS.Service.pdb
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\HtmlSanitizationLibrary.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\HtmlSanitizationLibrary.xml
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\Ninject.Extensions.Conventions.dll
c:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\Ninject.Extensions.Conventions.xml
C:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\obj\Debug\FMS.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\NPoco.dll
C:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FMS\FMS.Web\bin\NPoco.pdb
